README.md, before:

# TacoShop
Make great tacos with TacoShop
# To Build and Run

- Install pipenv `pip install pipenv`
- Clone TacoShop directory, run `pipenv install` NOTE: Make sure pipfile is in your directory
- This should install all packages necessary for the project to work

- In the same directory, Run `python manage.py runserver` in terminal/powershell/cmd. Make sure manage.py is in your directory

Go to 127.0.0.1:8000 in your browser, and the site will be running there. 

# To Use
**Create a Taco**
- Select at least one ingredient for each of the dropdown menus, and select up to 3 ingredients from the multiselect fields.
- Click add 
- The taco will be displayed underneath in "Your Terrific Tacos"

**Create a Random Taco(Fantas-taco)**
- Click "Create a fantas-taco"
- A randomly generated fantas-taco will be created and added to "Your Terrific Tacos"

**Remove a Taco(Why though?)**
- In the list of "Your Terrific Tacos" each taco has a remove button underneath it
- Click the remove button to remove that taco from your list

Commit message:

Adding pipenv instructions to readme

README.md, after:

# TacoShop
Make great tacos with TacoShop
# To Build and Run

- Install pipenv `pip install pipenv`
- Clone TacoShop directory, run `pipenv install` NOTE: Make sure pipfile is in your directory
- This should install all packages necessary for the project to work
- Run `pipenv shell` whenever you want to run anything in the virtual environment, which is now

- In the same directory, Run `python manage.py runserver` in terminal/powershell/cmd. Make sure manage.py is in your directory

Go to 127.0.0.1:8000 in your browser, and the site will be running there. 

# To Use
**Create a Taco**
- Select at least one ingredient for each of the dropdown menus, and select up to 3 ingredients from the multiselect fields.
- Click add 
- The taco will be displayed underneath in "Your Terrific Tacos"

**Create a Random Taco(Fantas-taco)**
- Click "Create a fantas-taco"
- A randomly generated fantas-taco will be created and added to "Your Terrific Tacos"

**Remove a Taco(Why though?)**
- In the list of "Your Terrific Tacos" each taco has a remove button underneath it
- Click the remove button to remove that taco from your list
